hey guys and welcome to my video today
I'm going to show you how to get this
bronze golden male model look now this
can be applied for women's or men so
just stay tuned and take a look so let's
just go on and show on let's go so one
of the first things to do is just to
make sure to wash your face to make sure
you're starting off with a clean canvas
I wash my face beforehand and I also
moisturized the first thing you want to
do is just take a primer now this can be
any primer this one is from coverfx and
what you're going to do is a primer is
pretty much the barrier before you put
your makeup on so you want to take a
little bit of it and then you want to
also just spread that around your entire
face and what this is gonna do this is
going to prevent the makeup from
actually sitting on your face this is
the Loreal foundation I found the
closest one to my complexion all the
details will be down below but which one
of you is gonna squeeze the bottle take
two pumps of this and what you want to
do is you want to either dab it onto
your face you can do this with a makeup
brush I like to do this with my fingers
only because it warms up the actual
foundation and this way it actually lays
on your face a little bit better and
just more of an Elsa long with the
warmth of your fingertips so you can see
this is exactly what its gonna look like
after it's complete what you want to do
is you want to actually blend the makeup
like I said you can do this with a brush
or a cloth but I like to use my actual
hands because it just warms up a lot
easier this is from ELF cosmetics
it's one of the concealers that you have
with this concealer basically just pump
it in and you just want to dab it over
from one side to the other just like
here now the whole point of this is just
to make sure that you're concealing any
dark circles under your eyes so if you
have really dark circles I would
definitely suggest to use a concealer
what it's going to do something to kind
of cover it up and make you look just a
little bit more awake I'm just taking a
blank cava swab and I'm just spreading
it around having it blend with my
foundation this is one of my favorite
things to do actually because it makes
you look a little bit more awake
and it doesn't make you look as higher
and now we're actually starting to the
brows this is the Anastasia brow Wiz I
have it in the onyx black eyebrows so it
only makes sense and what you want to do
is you want to fill in any empty spots
you have on your brows also make sure
that you don't overdo your brows one
they can look as natural as possible so
that's the left hand side to the right
hand side you can see the difference
right there
about you want to whisk away your brows
make them look a little more natural
this also takes too much of the coloring
away
Maybelline Matt Browns are here and what
you want to do is you want to go along
your cheek though as you can see it's a
little bit intense we're gonna get back
to that so you don't have to be too
afraid but this is one of my favorite
things that she do because what you're
doing now is you're contouring your face
to create shadows and depth this way
when the sunlight hits you get certain
parts of your face a certain way and
give you a little bit more of a
structure to your face I actually like
this market actually really fun and now
here's the most important part to blend
your actual foundation
this is more the contouring part it will
blend into a foundation but what we're
doing is we're trying to make it look as
subtle as possible so it looks much
better here than I did before and that
was all due to blending blending is one
of the most important things to wanna do
after I finished that what I did is I
just took a little bit and apply this
all over my face
since the Clarence Lipton my favorite
products it does down it uh I saw how
red my lips were before it's kind of
dull the color a little bit and there's
a Clarence little crown and what this
one does this matches my top lip color
so the bottom lip will end up matching
the top lip color so I just apply just a
dab of this and I did be the looked at
first before I did this and this is the
complete finished
you guys like my channel please
subscribe I will link all the
information of the products down below
and you can also follow me on social
media thanks for watching you guys and
don't forget to subscribe